OSDOCS-18105 [ROSA]: New Feature Log Forwarding in UI (#112116)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-view-cluster-log-forwarding-ui-day2.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/rosa-forwarding-control-plane-logs.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-view-cluster-log-forwarding-ui-day2_{context}"]

> = Viewing a {product-title} cluster with log forwarding for Day 2

Reviewer: I don't think "Day 2" is necessary here, because the fact that you're viewing it implies that the cluster already exists.

```suggestion
= Viewing a {product-title} cluster with log forwarding
```

[role="_abstract"]

> On Day 2, you can view the statuses of log forwarding for clusters that you created on Day 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify the status of log forwarding for a cluster.
```

.Procedure

. In the {hybrid-console}, go to *Clusters* -> *Cluster List*. You can see the name and status of your cluster.

> . Verify that the status of your clusters is “Ready” and click on the name of your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the status of your clusters is “Ready” and then click the name of your cluster.
```

> . Go to the *Overview* tab and verify that the details of your cluster are what you provided and specified on Day 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to the *Overview* tab and verify that the details of your cluster are what you provided and specified when you created the cluster.
```

> . If you enabled *Amazon S3* or *CloudWatch*, go to the *Settings* -> *Control plane log forwarding* tab, and verify that the listed information is what you provided and specified on Day 1. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you enabled *Amazon S3* or *CloudWatch*, go to the *Settings* -> *Control plane log forwarding* tab, and verify that the listed information is what you specified when you created the cluster.
```
